Docs: Include instructions for minikube (#122)
kinvolk/inspektor-gadget: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

- `CONTAINER_REPO`: The container repository to use. Example: docker.io/kinvolk/gadget
- `CONTAINER_REGISTRY_USERNAME` & `CONTAINER_REGISTRY_PASSWORD`: Authentication information for the the repo above.

> ### Development environment on minikube

Reviewer: Since the title changed, line 56 must change too.

> It's possible to make changes to traceloop and test them on minikube locally without pushing container images to any registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to make changes to Inspektor Gadget and test them on minikube locally without pushing container images to any registry.
```
